Document Blazor WASM static web assets breaking change (#21328)
dotnet/docs: includes/core-changes/aspnetcore/5.0/blazor-static-web-assets-validation-logic-updated.md

### Blazor: Updated validation logic for static web assets

There was an issue in conflict validation for static web assets in ASP.NET Core 3.1 and Blazor WebAssembly 3.2. The issue:

* Prevented proper conflict detection between the host assets and assets from Razor Class Libraries (RCLs) and Blazor WebAssembly apps.
* Mostly affects Blazor WebAssembly apps, since by default, static web assets in RCLs are served under the `_content/$(PackageId)` prefix.

#### Version introduced

5.0

#### Old behavior

During development, an RCL's static web assets could be silently overridden with host project assets on the same host path. Consider an RCL that has defined a static web asset to be served at */folder/file.txt*. If the host placed a file at *wwwroot/folder/file.txt*, the file on the server silently overrode the file on the RCL or Blazor WebAssembly app.

#### New behavior

> ASP.NET Core correctly detects when this issue happens. It informs of the conflict so that users can take the appropriate action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core correctly detects when this issue happens. It informs you, the user, of the conflict so that you can take the appropriate action.
```
